Mr. Gu, please open the door.
Mr. Gu, are you still satisfied?
Su Yang, what the hell is going on?
Impossible if there is such technology in this world
How could my Qi family not know?
Fake Mr. Gu, this must be fake
Looks like dad has found his rhythm
In the future, you can be a rich second generation with peace of mind
But there's one more thing to deal with.
Mr. Gu
This state can be held without being grasped.
It lasts an hour.
But when he recovers
Please hold it again.
He will become what he is now
What technology is this
Why haven't I heard of it?
Mr. Gu
This is just when the juniors were developing in the lab
Inadvertently innovated a little technology
Not worth mentioning
You still have the lab
What industry is it in?
Junior is
Chairperson of Jiangzhou Magic New Energy Company
Magic Company
The news said
Is the new energy vehicle your masterpiece?
Good, very good.
I heard about your company.
It is the first company in China to dare to challenge the cheongsam car
We Daxia
I need a good young man like you who brings glory to the country
Mr. Gu
This is the goal of the younger generation in the next stage
Please take a look.